### Multiple potential centralization attack vectors are present due to the concentration of control in admin roles.

**Description:** The `RNSId` contract defines two admin roles `DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE` and `SECONDARY_ADMIN_ROLE`. These roles have significant control over the contract's functionality, such as `setMintPrice`, `setBaseURI`, `setIsBlockedAddress`, `setIsBlockedRnsID`, `setTokenIdToMerkle`, `airdrop`, `setFundDestination`, and `withdraw`. If these roles are held by just one or a few entities, it could lead to centralization issues. A malicious or compromised admin could cause serious harm to the protocol, especially since the `DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE` can transfer the contract's balance to specific addresses (like to the contract owner or to a designated `destination` addres ).

While these controls are seems to be implemented to protect against attacks, relying on a small group of addresses for such power can make the protocol vulnerable if an admin is compromised. This could potentially render the entire protocol useless. And attacks like rug-pull could arises with this vulnerability.

**Impact:** A malicious or a compromised admin can steal all user's funds, and can potententially makes this protocol useless.

**Recommended Mitigation:** To address this problem, we suggest removing the `setFundDestination` function, relying instead on the value set during contract initialization. If it's necessary to keep minting prices flexible, at least emit an event after a change in mint price. Otherwise, you can also consider declaring the `mintPrice` as a constant. This way, we can safeguard user assets during unexpected situations. Attackers may block addresses and mint IDs for themselves at no cost, but won't be able to transfer those tokens to their accounts.

```diff
+   event UpdatedMintPrice(uint256 newMintPrice);
    function setMintPrice( uint256 _mintPrice) external onlyRole(SECONDARY_ADMIN_ROLE) { 
        mintPrice = _mintPrice;
+        emit UpdatedMintPrice(mintPrice);
    }

-   function setFundDestination( address _destination) public onlyRole(DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE) { 
-       destination = _destination;
-   }
```
