Contest: Aviator(Hackenproof)

### Arbitrary `from` parameter in `receiveERC20` function can lead to users losing tokens approved to the `LiquidityPool` contract. 

**Description:** One notable feature of ERC20 tokens is the ability for a token owner to authorize a specific address to spend tokens 
on their behalf by granting approval for a specified amount. This ensures that only the token owner or approved addresses can spend the tokens.  

However, in this case, anyone can invoke the `LiquidityPool::receiveERC20()` function, which transfers tokens from a victim's address to the contract. 
This design flaw allows unauthorized token transfers, resulting in the victim losing their funds.  

Ideally, the transfer operation should debit tokens from the `msg.sender` rather than from the `from` address provided as an input. Although the attacker 
does not gain direct financial benefit from this vulnerability, it still leads to a loss of funds for the victim.

```javascript
  function receiveERC20(address, from, address, _token, uint256, _amount external {
    IERC20(_token).safeTransferFrom(_from, address(this), _amount);
}
```
As evident, we can specify any arbitrary address as the `_from` address and provide a certain amount of tokens as input, assuming the `_from` address has granted the necessary approval to the contract.

**Impact:** This vulnerability enables a malicious user to transfer funds from the victim's account without authorization.

**Remidiations:**
I suggest implementing the following modification within the function body.

```diff
  function receiveERC20(address, from, address, _token, uint256, _amount external {
-    IERC20(_token).safeTransferFrom(_from, address(this), _amount);
+    IERC20(_token).safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), _amount);
}

```
