
### The `GachaNFT::burn` function does not update the `minted` array index after burning token which leads to incorrect state representation and unexpected behaviour.

**Description:** In The `GachaNFT::burn` function is expected to burn the token using using its `tokenId`. But it lacks to update the `minted` array with the respective operation. This leads to unexpected behviour when called by that tokenId, like getting incorrect NFT information, inconsistent token counts. 
Moreover, it is missing checks whether the `tokenId` exists or not. This check will save the gas for non-existent operation.

**Impact:** 

User will get the oudated information and incorrect token counts.

**Proof of Concept:** 

Below is the scenario to exploit this vulnerability:
A malicious user could take advantage of the missing checks and incorrect state updates in the burn function. They could perform the following steps:

1) Retrieve info about each token using the `getAllNFTs` function.
2) Identify a tokenId that they want to burn, potentially one with valuable properties or metadata.
3) Call the burn function with the chosen tokenId.
4) Exploit the fact that the minted array is not updated, leading to inconsistencies in token counts and outdated information.

This could be used to manipulate the contract's state, deceive other users about the availability of certain tokens, and potentially disrupt the normal functioning of the NFT system. 

**Recommended Mitigation:** 

Place the following code in `GachaNFT::burn function`

1) You can either use mapping `burntTokens`to maps `tokenId` to `bool`, which tells whether the token is burnt or not.

```diff
.
.
.
+   mapping(uint256 => bool) public burntTokens;
.
.

.
function burn(uint256 tokenId) public {
+    require(_exists(tokenId), "Token does not exist!");
+    require(!burntTokens[tokenId], "Token already burnt");
    _burn(tokenId);

+    burntTokens[tokenId] = true;
}

```

2) You can also modify the `minted` array in a way that stores the `tokenId` as index. Which makes deleting the `tokenId` very convenient.

```diff
     struct NFTInfo {
-        uint256 id;
        address minter;
        string imageURL;
        uint256 timestamp;
    }
.
.
function mintNFT() public payable onlyOwner {
        .
        .

+        minted[tokenId - 1] = NFTInfo({
+            minter: msg.sender,
+            imageURL: toImage(tokenId),
+            timestamp: block.timestamp
        });
}

 function burn(uint256 tokenId) public {
        _burn(tokenId);
+        delete minted[tokenId - 1];
    }
```
